Why is the ocean blue?    Because all the little fish go blu, blu blu.
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe?    Roberto
What did one snowman say to the other?    Do you smell carrots?
What kind of flower is on your face?    Tulips!
What kind of guns do bees use?    BeeBee guns
What do you call a fish with no eye?    Fssshh
What was T-Rex's favorite number?    Ate!
What do you call it when a dinosaur crashes his car?    Tyrannosaurus Wrecks
What do you get when you cross a tyrannosaurus rex with fireworks?    DINO-MITE!
What do sharks say when something radical happens?    JAWESOME
What did one shark say to the other while eating a clownfish?    This tastes funny.
What did the worker at the rubber band factory say when he lost his job?    OH SNAP
How does an octopus go to war?    WELL-ARMED
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool?    Bob
A magician was driving down the road..then he turned into a drive way.
Why couldn't Dracula's wife get to sleep?    Because of his coffin.
What's the best way to carve wood?    Whittle by whittle.
How does the man in the moon cut his hair?    ECLIPSE IT!
What did the cobbler say when a cat wandered into his shop?    Shoe!
What did the monkey say when he caught his tail in the revolving door?    It won't be long now
Why don't blind people go skydiving?    Because it freaks out of the dogs!
How much does a pirate pay for corn?    A buccaneer!
What did 0 say to 8?    Nice belt!
Which side of a cheetah has the most spots?    THE OUTSIDE!
Why did the cowboy adopt a weiner dog?    He wanted to get a long little doggy!
What do you call a bear with no teeth?    A gummy bear.
What kind of horses go out after dusk?    Nightmares!
What do you call a deer with no eye?    NO IDEAR!
What do you call a pig that does karate?    A PORK CHOP
What did the traffic light say to the car?    Don't look, I'm changing.
What do cats eat for breakfast?    Mice Krispies!
What do clouds wear under their shorts?    THUNDERPANTS
A man didn't like his haircut, but it started to grow on him.
Why did the cookie go to the hospital?    Because he felt crummy.
What does a ghost wear when it's raining outside?    Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooots!
What did the big bucket say to the little bucket?    You look a little pail!
Why is there no gambling in Africa?    Too many Cheetahs!
Why wouldn't the shrimp share his treasure?    Because he was a little shellfish.
What do you call a Bee who is having a bad hair day?    A FRISBEE!
What do you call a pony with a cough?    A LITTLE HOARSE!
How does a lion like his meat?    ROAR
What do you call it when you feed a stick of dynamite to a steer?    A-bomb-in-a-bull!
Did you hear about the fire at the circus?    IT WAS IN TENTS!
What do calendars eat?    DATES!
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit?    BANANANAAAAAA!
What do you do with a sick boat?    TAKE IT TO THE DOC!
what do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison?    A SMALL MEDIUM AT LARGE!
